they go to Minnesota get sued or make
other charges in this building mother
we got to make started
kid named mrs. Peggy did them hey listen
I took with us some babies joki sad and
bad Chi Chi
don't mention good animation watching Oh
baby and this should never get to you
kiss our collage theorem every negative
or someone choked scoop and daddy oh
yeah and I get a banana mean zippers
Beckett is downtown mom bye bye
can I get the form lettuce soup do so
via batteries little Jackson Chanel Liam
the petition all six come on boo you can
come soon darling but I'm on six events
shutterbug sabado Liam she said where do
i plug it to your party you to give you
dude captain hmm oh yeah maybe a bucket
down some condition Lydia partisan this
chubby
yep them come on bond the optin
husband looks to big funny babies even
wish it could ever lie to you pushing us
I guess
tamam oh these are my children
her tutors that joke is that my mom will
be like a jerk occasionally turn back
time um I did you buckle them boys joke
took you said older when the baggy makes
you dumber thank you
you eat them because it all the much cuz
I know the end of them again your dome
yeah I eat them but the tender was so
nice day huh mom invented a resume a
team in the comedy I'm taking sandwich